W-12734393-azure-key-vault-credentials-kt (#2294)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: azure-key-vault/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/azure-key-vault-connector-reference.adoc

[[Config_Connection]]
=== Connection - Connection Type

> Uses a client ID, client secret, and cryptography client cache for authentication. Note that the connector configuration does not allow to pass the properties such as client_id and client_secret to be hardcoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses a client ID, client secret, and cryptography client cache for authentication. Note that the connector configuration does not allow properties such as `client_id` and `client_secret` to be hard coded.
```
